More docs from Compact (#801)
midnightntwrk/midnight-docs: docs/compact/compilation-and-tooling/dev-tool-usage.mdx

installed, running:

```
compact check
```

results in 

```
compact: aarch64-darwin -- Update Available -- 0.26.0
compact: Latest version available: 0.28.0.
```

where **0.26.0** is the installed version and **0.28.0** is the latest available
version of the Compact toolchain. The command **update** can be used to update
to this version. **aarch64-darwin** displays the chosen binary of the Compact
toolchain for your machine's architecture.

UPDATE
======

Synopsis: **compact** **update** _options_ _compactversion_

This command updates to the latest version of the Compact toolchain if no
version is specified, otherwise, it updates to the specified version of the
Compact toolchain _compactversion_.

_compactversion_ may be specified as a full version (e.g. 0.30.1), as a
major.minor prefix (e.g. 0.30) which resolves to the latest patch release
for that minor version, or as a major prefix only (e.g. 0) which resolves
to the latest minor and patch release for that major version.

Upon switching from one version to another, by default this command switches the
default compiler version to the installed one. This can be overwritten by
**--no-set-default** option.

> If the compiler was already downloaded it is not downloaded again.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the compiler has already been downloaded, then it will not be downloaded again.
```

The following options are specific to this command:

**--no-set-default**

> Doesn't set the newly installed compiler the default one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifies that the newly installed compiler should not be set as the default.
```

specified the default version of the Compact toolchain installed is picked. The
_options_ are optional. If _version_ doesn't exist both _options_ accepted
by the compiler and the command-line tool can be used, otherwise only _options_
accepted by the compiler can be used. 
The _targetpath_ specifies the target directory for the outputs of the compiler.
Visit [the compiler usage page](compiler-usage.mdx) for a more detailed explanation
of how to use it.

If **+version** is specified (e.g. **+0.30.0**), `compact compile` uses that
exact version of the toolchain to compile the program. If no version
is specified, the default toolchain version (as set by `compact update`) is
used. Partial version specifiers are not supported here; the version must be
fully qualified (e.g. **+0.30.0**, not **+0.30**).
If the requested toolchain version is not installed, `compact compile` will
fail with an error.  Run `compact update _version_` first to install it.

Assuming that Compact toolchain **0.26.0** and **0.30.0** are installed and 
**0.26.0** is the defualt, running 

```
compact compile +0.27.0 --language-version
```

> results in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
results in;
```

files or directories; when a directory is given, all `.compact` files within it
are discovered recursively, respecting `.gitignore` rules.  If no _files_ are
specified, the current directory (`.`) is used.

The following options are specific to this command:

**--check**

checks whether files need fixup without modifying them.  Exits with a non-zero
status and prints a diff for any file that would be changed.  Useful in CI
pipelines to verify that source files are up to date.

Additionally, the fixup tool itself provides extra flags. Visit [the fixup usage
page](fixup-usage.mdx) for a more detailed explanation of this tool.

We now present some simple examples of using this command.
Assuming **src/** contains a well-formed Compact source files, apply fixup to all files in 
**src/** in place:

```
compact fixup src/
```

Check whether any files need fixup without modifying them (suitable for CI):

```
compact fixup --check src/
```

Apply fixup including `Uint` range endpoint adjustment:

```
compact fixup --update-Uint-ranges src/
```

Assuming **src/test.compact** contains an ill-formed Compact program

```
compact fixup src/test.compact
```

> exits with an error message describing the problem that prevents the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exits with an error message describing the problem that prevents the
```

We now present some simple examples of using this command.
Assuming that the latest available Compact toolchain version is **0.28.0** on
the remote server running 

```
compact list
```

results in

```
compact: available versions

→ 0.28.0 - x86_macos, aarch64_macos, x86_linux
  0.26.0 - x86_macos, aarch64_macos, x86_linux
  0.25.0 - x86_macos, aarch64_macos, x86_linux
  0.24.0 - x86_macos, aarch64_macos, x86_linux
  0.23.0 - aarch64_macos, x86_linux
  0.22.0 - x86_macos, x86_linux
```

Assuming that locally versions **0.26.0** and **0.28.0** have been installed
running

```
compact list --installed
```

results in

```
compact: installed versions

→ 0.28.0
  0.26.0
```

The right arrow indicates what version is set to be used by the Compact
command-line tool unless a version is specified.

CLEAN
=====

Synopsis: **compact** **clean** _options_

This command removes all local versions of the Compact toolchain if no option is
set. When **--cache** is set it also removes the cache directory. When
**--keep-current** is set it keeps the version of the Compact toolchain that is
set to be the default.

In addition to removing version directories, `compact clean` removes the

> compactc, format-compact, and fixup-compact symlinks from the bin

Author: These names in this line refer to the exact name of the tools used in the toolchain as described on top of each of the usage pages so they should be compact, format-compact, and fixup-compact.
